(GH-8796) Clarify force parameter for ConvertTo-SecureString in 7+ (#8797)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.0/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConvertTo-SecureString.md

### Example 3: Convert a plain text string to a secure string

This command converts the plain text string `P@ssW0rD!` into a secure string and stores the result
in the `$Secure_String_Pwd` variable.

Starting in PowerShell 7, the **Force** parameter is not required when using the **AsPlainText**

> parameter. However, including the **Force** parameter ensures the statement is backward compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter. However, including the **Force** parameter ensures the statement is compatible with earlier versions.
```
